hello guys and welcome to this new
green screen edition our theme to
treat a topic as delicious as
dangerous the excessive consumption of food
junk for young people we go with the
note
the term junk food is used
to describe foods with little
amount of nutrients that the body
needs and with a high content of
fat sugar and salt michael jacobson
director of the Center for Science in
the public interest in the year 1972 was
who named this type of food
with this term a ay camila us
we found at the local university and
let's do some interviews
about excessive food consumption
junk join me
we are here with vanessa she is going to us
tell a little about trends
of local food consumption we wanted
know how often students
mouth eat junk food is daily
really every day they liked it in
special the snaps do not consume enough
snap the potato chips
and of all those products because they are the
that the snaps are consumed more than the
Daddy the piqueos all these little things
packed are the ones that consume the most
This type of food is popular with
consumers that are mainly
young for their ease at the time of
Acquiring it is the lowest price not
it requires a kind of preparation very
specific is comfortable to ingest and
It has a great diversity of flavors
we are here at the school and caritas
of the mill and we have come to some
interviews with the boys about the
junk food
and
and I would like to know if you consume food
junk if I eat junk food
If I love eating junk food more
or less how many times a week the
consume good I consume three times a
the week is the non-consumption during a
week but always consumption
constantly once every three weeks
and if I do that week I do not return it to
do once but not every week
because it does not seem good either
consume junk food if you consume it
what are the products that you most
like
the burger the bacon too and
burgers
I love the one here mcdonald's
quite a few steps too and serious that the
junk food makes you sick to your health
Yes, I think it hurts me
enough and I know that some time I will
generate health problems but I
I love it, obviously I do not know that it is
super mario has a lot of oil
fat and that will cause me not to
press high in some future but good
I rarely do not think so
that is so bad does not do me good anymore
that I can repression high or I can
be bad
excessive consumption of products such as
chocolate sweets and all kinds of food
fast until the young people express
greater emotional instability and changes
important in his psychology as he says
an old saying to be fine there are
eat well wow it is true to consume
excessively junk food is
harmful to health and your form
junk food consumed daily
tell our experiences and leave us
your comments below and subscribe to
our youtube page also we
You can tell your experiences in
our facebook page
and in our account today
see you in the next edition of
green screen chao